Exploring Your Results
======================

This notebook shows examples of built-in methods for accessing and
working with ``Results`` objects, including print options, dataframes,
SQL and visualization methods, as well as options for exporting results.

Generating Results
------------------

We start by creating a ``Results`` object to work with. This is done
automatically by constructing a survey and administering it to an LLM.
For purposes of demonstration, we go through each of the steps to do
this: creating questions, compiling them in a survey, optionally
designing personas for agents that will respond to the survey and
selecting LLMs, and administering the survey.

You can also skip these steps and instead call the ``Results.example()``
method to generate an example object to work with. (The ``.example()``
method is also available for ``Question`` types, ``Agent`` and
``Survey`` objects.)

.. code:: 

    # EDSL should be automatically installed when you run this notebook. If not, run the following command:
    # ! pip install edsl

.. code:: 

    from edsl.results import Results
    
    example_results = Results.example()

Creating ``Question`` types\ ``We construct a survey by creating questions in the form of``\ Question\ ``objects, and then compiling them into a``\ Survey\` object.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: 

    from edsl.questions import QuestionMultipleChoice, QuestionCheckBox, QuestionLinearScale, QuestionYesNo, QuestionBudget, QuestionFreeText, QuestionList, QuestionNumerical

.. code:: 

    q_mc = QuestionMultipleChoice(
        question_name = "q_mc",
        question_text = "How often do you shop for {{item}}?",
        question_options = [
            "Rarely or never",
            "Annually",
            "Seasonally",
            "Monthly",
            "Daily"
        ]
    )

.. code:: 

    q_cb = QuestionCheckBox(
        question_name = "q_cb",
        question_text = "Which of the following factors are important to you in making decisions about {{item}} shopping? Select all that apply.",
        question_options = [
            "Price",
            "Quality",
            "Brand Reputation",
            "Style and Design",
            "Fit and Comfort",
            "Customer Reviews and Recommendations",
            "Ethical and Sustainable Practices",
            "Return Policy",
            "Convenience",
            "Other"
        ]
    )

.. code:: 

    q_ls = QuestionLinearScale(
        question_name = "q_ls",
        question_text = "On a scale of 0-10, how much do you typically enjoy {{item}} shopping? (0 = Not at all, 10 = Very much)",
        question_options = [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]
    )

.. code:: 

    q_yn = QuestionYesNo(
        question_name = "q_yn",
        question_text = "Have you ever felt excluded or frustrated by the standard sizes of {{item}} in the fashion industry?", 
    )

.. code:: 

    q_bg = QuestionBudget(
        question_name = "q_bg",
        question_text = "Estimate the percentage of your total time spent shopping for {{item}} in each of the following modes.",
        question_options=[
            "Online",
            "Malls",
            "Freestanding stores",
            "Mail order catalogs",
            "Other"
        ],
        budget_sum = 100,
    )

.. code:: 

    q_ft = QuestionFreeText(
        question_name = "q_ft",
        question_text = "What improvements would you like to see in {{item}} shopping options?",
        allow_nonresponse = False,
    )

.. code:: 

    q_li = QuestionList(
        question_name = "q_li",
        question_text = "What improvements would you like to see in {{item}} shopping options?"
    )

.. code:: 

    q_nu = QuestionNumerical(
        question_name = "q_nu",
        question_text = "Estimate the amount of money that you spent on {{item}} in the past year (in $USD)."
    )

Compiling questions into a ``Survey``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A survey takes a list of questions:

.. code:: 

    from edsl import Survey
    
    survey = Survey(
        questions = [q_mc, q_cb, q_ls, q_yn, q_bg, q_ft, q_li, q_nu]
    )

Adding ``Scenario`` parameters to the questions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Scenarios are inputs for any questions that we have parameterized. When
we administer the survey, each version of the question will be delivered
to the LLMs:

.. code:: 

    from edsl import Scenario
    
    items = ["clothes", "shoes"]
    
    scenarios = [Scenario({"item": item}) for item in items]

Creating personas for agents that will respond to the survey
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We can optionally specify personas and individual traits for any agents
that we want to respond to the survey. For this example, we will use
randomly generated ages and heights.

.. code:: 

    import random
    
    ages = [random.randint(20, 80) for _ in range(5)] 
    heights = [random.randint(58, 74) for _ in range(5)] 

.. code:: 

    agent_traits = [{
        "persona": "You are an adult woman living in the US.",
        "age": f"You are {age} years old.",
        "age_numerical": age,
        "height": f"You are {height} inches tall.",
        "height_numerical": height
    } for age in ages for height in heights]

Constructing the ``AgentList``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We construct ``Agent`` objects by assigning the traits. Note that we
include some ``_numerical`` copies of traits in order to easily access
those values later on, as well as optional agent names for quick
reference when we work with survey results data. Default agent names are
assigned when results are simulated if they are not specified.

.. code:: 

    from edsl import Agent, AgentList
    
    agent_list = AgentList([Agent(traits = traits, name = f"Agent_{index}") for index, traits in enumerate(agent_traits)])

.. code:: 

    agent_list.print()



.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace"><span style="font-style: italic">                                                     AgentList                                                     </span>
    ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Agents                                                                                                          </span>┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_0'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 60}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_1'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 68 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 68}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_2'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 63 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 63}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_3'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 70 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 70}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_4'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 64 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 64}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_5'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 60}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_6'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 68 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 68}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_7'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 63 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 63}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_8'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 70 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 70}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_9'                                                                         │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 64 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 64}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_10'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 59 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 59, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 60}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_11'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 59 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 59, 'height': 'You are 68 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 68}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_12'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 59 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 59, 'height': 'You are 63 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 63}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_13'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 59 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 59, 'height': 'You are 70 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 70}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_14'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 59 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 59, 'height': 'You are 64 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 64}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_15'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 21 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 21, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 60}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_16'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 21 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 21, 'height': 'You are 68 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 68}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_17'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 21 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 21, 'height': 'You are 63 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 63}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_18'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 21 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 21, 'height': 'You are 70 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 70}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_19'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 21 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 21, 'height': 'You are 64 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 64}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_20'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 60}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_21'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 68 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 68}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_22'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 63 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 63}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_23'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 70 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 70}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> </span><span style="font-weight: bold; font-style: italic">                                               Agent Attributes                                                </span><span style="font-weight: bold"> </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                             ┃ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _name                   │ 'Agent_24'                                                                        │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 62 years  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ old.', 'age_numerical': 62, 'height': 'You are 64 inches tall.',                  │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │                         │ 'height_numerical': 64}                                                           │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                                │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character.'     │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                             │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> │ current_question        │ None                                                                              │ </span>│
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ </span>│
    └─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
    </pre>



Selecting a ``Model``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We can specify the LLMs that we want to use for the survey by creating
``Model`` objects. If none are specified, the default LLM model will be
used:

.. code:: 

    from edsl import Model 
    
    Model




.. parsed-literal::

    Available models: ['gpt-3.5-turbo', 'gpt-4-1106-preview', 'gemini_pro', 'llama-2-13b-chat-hf', 'llama-2-70b-chat-hf', 'mixtral-8x7B-instruct-v0.1']
    
    To create an instance, you can do: 
    >>> m = Model('gpt-4-1106-preview', temperature=0.5, ...)
    
    To get the default model, you can leave out the model name. 
    To see the available models, you can do:
    >>> Model.available()



.. code:: 

    models = [Model(m) for m in ("gpt-3.5-turbo", "gpt-4-1106-preview")]

Administering the survey to the agents with the specified LLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We administer a survey by appending any scenarios, agents and specified
models to the survey with the ``.by()`` method and then append the
``.run()`` method:

.. code:: 

    results = survey.by(scenarios).by(agent_list).by(models).run()

Inspecting the ``Results``:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: 

    # results
    
    # our results are long, we'll just show 1 here:
    results[:1]



.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace">Result <span style="color: #008080; text-decoration-color: #008080; font-weight: bold">0</span>
    </pre>




.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace"><span style="font-style: italic">                                                      Result                                                       </span>
    ┏━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value                                                                                               </span>┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> agent     </span>│ <span style="font-style: italic">                                         Agent Attributes                                          </span> │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute               </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value                                                                 </span>┃ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> _name                   </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> 'Agent_0'                                                             </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> _traits                 </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You   </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                         </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                         </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}                                       </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> _codebook               </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> {}                                                                    </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> _instruction            </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break     </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                         </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> character.'                                                           </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> set_instructions        </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> False                                                                 </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> dynamic_traits_function </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> None                                                                  </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> current_question        </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> QuestionNumerical(question_name = 'q_nu', question_text = 'Estimate   </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                         </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> the amount of money that you spent on {{item}} in the past year (in   </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                         </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> $USD).', min_value = None, max_value = None)                          </span>│ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> scenario  </span>│ <span style="font-style: italic">        Scenario Attributes        </span>                                                                 │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓                                                                 │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value               </span>┃                                                                 │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩                                                                 │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> data      </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> {'item': 'clothes'} </span>│                                                                 │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ └───────────┴─────────────────────┘                                                                 │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> model     </span>│ <span style="font-style: italic">                                          Language Model                                           </span> │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute         </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value                                                                       </span>┃ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> model             </span>│ 'gpt-3.5-turbo'                                                             │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> parameters        </span>│ {'temperature': 0.5, 'max_tokens': 1000, 'top_p': 1, 'frequency_penalty':   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                   </span>│ 0, 'presence_penalty': 0, 'use_cache': True}                                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> temperature       </span>│ 0.5                                                                         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> max_tokens        </span>│ 1000                                                                        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> top_p             </span>│ 1                                                                           │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> frequency_penalty </span>│ 0                                                                           │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> presence_penalty  </span>│ 0                                                                           │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> use_cache         </span>│ True                                                                        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> api_queue         </span>│ &lt;queue.Queue object at 0x17a27c3d0&gt;                                         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> crud              </span>│ &lt;edsl.data.crud.CRUDOperations object at 0x119524dd0&gt;                       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ └───────────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> iteration </span>│ 0                                                                                                   │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> answer    </span>│ <span style="font-style: italic">                                              Answers                                              </span> │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute    </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value                                                                            </span>┃ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ls         </span>│ '4'                                                                              │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ls_comment </span>│ 'I enjoy clothes shopping moderately, so I would rate it as a 4 on the scale of  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ 0-10.'                                                                           │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_nu         </span>│ '1200'                                                                           │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_nu_comment </span>│ 'I estimate that I spent around $1200 on clothes in the past year.'              │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ft         </span>│ 'I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ diverse body types in clothing advertisements and catalogs. It would also be     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ great to have more sustainable and ethically-made clothing options easily        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ accessible.'                                                                     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_mc         </span>│ 'Seasonally'                                                                     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_mc_comment </span>│ 'I shop for clothes seasonally, usually when the seasons change to update my     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ wardrobe.'                                                                       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_li         </span>│ ['more sustainable options', 'better size inclusivity', 'improved online         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ shopping experience']                                                            │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_li_comment </span>│ 'I believe these improvements would make clothes shopping more convenient and    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ enjoyable for everyone.'                                                         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_yn         </span>│ 'Yes'                                                                            │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_yn_comment </span>│ 'Yes, I have felt excluded and frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ the fashion industry. As a 32-year-old woman who is 60 inches tall, finding      │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ clothes that fit well can be a challenge.'                                       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_cb         </span>│ ['Price', 'Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit and Comfort', 'Customer Reviews    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ and Recommendations', 'Ethical and Sustainable Practices', 'Return Policy',      │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ 'Convenience']                                                                   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_cb_comment </span>│ 'I consider price, quality, style and design, fit and comfort, customer reviews  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ and recommendations, ethical and sustainable practices, return policy, and       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ convenience when making decisions about clothes shopping.'                       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_bg         </span>│ [{'Online': 40}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding stores': 20}, {'Mail order        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ catalogs': 5}, {'Other': 5}]                                                     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_bg_comment </span>│ 'I spend 40% of my time shopping for clothes online, 30% at malls, 20% at        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">              </span>│ freestanding stores, 5% on mail order catalogs, and 5% in other modes.'          │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ └──────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> prompt    </span>│ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute          </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value                                                                      </span>┃ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ls_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: On a scale of 0-10,  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ how much do you typically enjoy clothes shopping? (0 = Not at all, 10 =    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Very much)\nThe options are\n\n0: 0\n\n1: 1\n\n2: 2\n\n3: 3\n\n4: 4\n\n5:  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 5\n\n6: 6\n\n7: 7\n\n8: 8\n\n9: 9\n\n10: 10\n\nReturn a valid JSON         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ formatted like this, selecting only the code of the option (codes start at │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 0):\n{"answer": &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ here&gt;"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'LinearScale'}     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ls_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ft_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: What improvements    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ would you like to see in clothes shopping options?\nReturn a valid JSON    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ formatted like this:\n{"answer": "&lt;put free text answer here&gt;"}',          │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'class_name': 'FreeText'}                                                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_ft_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_yn_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Have you ever felt   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ excluded or frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in the fashion     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ industry?\nThe options are\n\n0: Yes\n\n1: No\n\nReturn a valid JSON       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer":  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nOnly 1       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'YesNo'}                           │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_yn_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_nu_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked a question that requires a numerical         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ response\nin the form of an integer or decimal (e.g., -12, 0, 1, 2, 3.45,  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ ...).\nYour response must be in the following format:\n{"answer": "&lt;your   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ numerical answer here&gt;", "comment": "&lt;your explanation here"}\nYou must    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ only include an integer or decimal in the quoted "answer" part of your     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ response.\nHere is an example of a valid response:\n{"answer": "100",      │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\nHere is an example of a response  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ that is invalid because the "answer" includes words:\n{"answer": "I don\'t │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ know.", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\nIf your response is       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ equivalent to zero, your formatted response should look like               │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ this:\n{"answer": "0", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\n\nYou are  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ being asked the following question: Estimate the amount of money that you  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ spent on clothes in the past year (in $USD).', 'class_name': 'Numerical'}  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_nu_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_li_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'What improvements would you like to see in clothes shopping      │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ options?\n\nYour response should be only a valid JSON in the following     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ format:\n{\n    "answer": [&lt;comma-separated list of responsive words or    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ phrases as independent strings&gt;],\n    "comment": "&lt;put comment            │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ here&gt;"\n}', 'class_name': 'ListQuestion'}                                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_li_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_cb_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Which of the         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ following factors are important to you in making decisions about clothes   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ shopping? Select all that apply.\nThe options are\n\n0: Price\n\n1:        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Quality\n\n2: Brand Reputation\n\n3: Style and Design\n\n4: Fit and        │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Comfort\n\n5: Customer Reviews and Recommendations\n\n6: Ethical and       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Sustainable Practices\n\n7: Return Policy\n\n8: Convenience\n\n9:          │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Other\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ number of the option:\n{"answer": [&lt;put comma-separated list of answer     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ codes here&gt;], "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}', 'class_name':         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'CheckBox'}                                                                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_cb_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_bg_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Estimate the         │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ percentage of your total time spent shopping for clothes in each of the    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ following modes.\nThe options are \n\n0: Online\n\n1: Malls\n\n2:          │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Freestanding stores\n\n3: Mail order catalogs\n\n4: Other\n                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ \nReturn a valid JSON formatted as follows, with a dictionary for your     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ "answer"\nwhere the keys are the option numbers and the values are the     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ amounts you want \nto allocate to the options, and the sum of the values   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ is 100:\n{"answer": {&lt;put dict of option numbers and allocation amounts    │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ here&gt;},\n"comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nExample response for a      │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ budget of 100 and 4 options: \n{"answer": {"0": 25, "1": 25, "2": 25, "3": │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 25},\n"comment": "I allocated 25 to each option."}\nThere must be an       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ allocation listed for each item (including 0).', 'class_name': 'Budget'}   │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_bg_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_mc_user_prompt   </span>│ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: How often do you     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ shop for clothes?\nThe options are\n\n0: Rarely or never\n\n1:             │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ Annually\n\n2: Seasonally\n\n3: Monthly\n\n4: Daily\n\nReturn a valid JSON │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer":  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nOnly 1       │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'MultipleChoiceTurbo'}             │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold"> q_mc_system_prompt </span>│ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ │<span style="font-weight: bold">                    </span>│ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │<span style="font-weight: bold">           </span>│ └────────────────────┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    └───────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
    </pre>





.. parsed-literal::

    Result 0
                                                          Result                                                       
    ┏━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃ Attribute ┃ Value                                                                                               ┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
    │ agent     │                                          Agent Attributes                                           │
    │           │ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │           │ ┃ Attribute               ┃ Value                                                                 ┃ │
    │           │ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │           │ │ _name                   │ 'Agent_0'                                                             │ │
    │           │ │ _traits                 │ {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You   │ │
    │           │ │                         │ are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches │ │
    │           │ │                         │ tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}                                       │ │
    │           │ │ _codebook               │ {}                                                                    │ │
    │           │ │ _instruction            │ 'You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break     │ │
    │           │ │                         │ character.'                                                           │ │
    │           │ │ set_instructions        │ False                                                                 │ │
    │           │ │ dynamic_traits_function │ None                                                                  │ │
    │           │ │ current_question        │ QuestionNumerical(question_name = 'q_nu', question_text = 'Estimate   │ │
    │           │ │                         │ the amount of money that you spent on {{item}} in the past year (in   │ │
    │           │ │                         │ $USD).', min_value = None, max_value = None)                          │ │
    │           │ └─────────────────────────┴───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    │ scenario  │         Scenario Attributes                                                                         │
    │           │ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓                                                                 │
    │           │ ┃ Attribute ┃ Value               ┃                                                                 │
    │           │ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩                                                                 │
    │           │ │ data      │ {'item': 'clothes'} │                                                                 │
    │           │ └───────────┴─────────────────────┘                                                                 │
    │ model     │                                           Language Model                                            │
    │           │ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │           │ ┃ Attribute         ┃ Value                                                                       ┃ │
    │           │ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │           │ │ model             │ 'gpt-3.5-turbo'                                                             │ │
    │           │ │ parameters        │ {'temperature': 0.5, 'max_tokens': 1000, 'top_p': 1, 'frequency_penalty':   │ │
    │           │ │                   │ 0, 'presence_penalty': 0, 'use_cache': True}                                │ │
    │           │ │ temperature       │ 0.5                                                                         │ │
    │           │ │ max_tokens        │ 1000                                                                        │ │
    │           │ │ top_p             │ 1                                                                           │ │
    │           │ │ frequency_penalty │ 0                                                                           │ │
    │           │ │ presence_penalty  │ 0                                                                           │ │
    │           │ │ use_cache         │ True                                                                        │ │
    │           │ │ api_queue         │ <queue.Queue object at 0x17a27c3d0>                                         │ │
    │           │ │ crud              │ <edsl.data.crud.CRUDOperations object at 0x119524dd0>                       │ │
    │           │ └───────────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    │ iteration │ 0                                                                                                   │
    │ answer    │                                               Answers                                               │
    │           │ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │           │ ┃ Attribute    ┃ Value                                                                            ┃ │
    │           │ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │           │ │ q_ls         │ '4'                                                                              │ │
    │           │ │ q_ls_comment │ 'I enjoy clothes shopping moderately, so I would rate it as a 4 on the scale of  │ │
    │           │ │              │ 0-10.'                                                                           │ │
    │           │ │ q_nu         │ '1200'                                                                           │ │
    │           │ │ q_nu_comment │ 'I estimate that I spent around $1200 on clothes in the past year.'              │ │
    │           │ │ q_ft         │ 'I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of    │ │
    │           │ │              │ diverse body types in clothing advertisements and catalogs. It would also be     │ │
    │           │ │              │ great to have more sustainable and ethically-made clothing options easily        │ │
    │           │ │              │ accessible.'                                                                     │ │
    │           │ │ q_mc         │ 'Seasonally'                                                                     │ │
    │           │ │ q_mc_comment │ 'I shop for clothes seasonally, usually when the seasons change to update my     │ │
    │           │ │              │ wardrobe.'                                                                       │ │
    │           │ │ q_li         │ ['more sustainable options', 'better size inclusivity', 'improved online         │ │
    │           │ │              │ shopping experience']                                                            │ │
    │           │ │ q_li_comment │ 'I believe these improvements would make clothes shopping more convenient and    │ │
    │           │ │              │ enjoyable for everyone.'                                                         │ │
    │           │ │ q_yn         │ 'Yes'                                                                            │ │
    │           │ │ q_yn_comment │ 'Yes, I have felt excluded and frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in    │ │
    │           │ │              │ the fashion industry. As a 32-year-old woman who is 60 inches tall, finding      │ │
    │           │ │              │ clothes that fit well can be a challenge.'                                       │ │
    │           │ │ q_cb         │ ['Price', 'Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit and Comfort', 'Customer Reviews    │ │
    │           │ │              │ and Recommendations', 'Ethical and Sustainable Practices', 'Return Policy',      │ │
    │           │ │              │ 'Convenience']                                                                   │ │
    │           │ │ q_cb_comment │ 'I consider price, quality, style and design, fit and comfort, customer reviews  │ │
    │           │ │              │ and recommendations, ethical and sustainable practices, return policy, and       │ │
    │           │ │              │ convenience when making decisions about clothes shopping.'                       │ │
    │           │ │ q_bg         │ [{'Online': 40}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding stores': 20}, {'Mail order        │ │
    │           │ │              │ catalogs': 5}, {'Other': 5}]                                                     │ │
    │           │ │ q_bg_comment │ 'I spend 40% of my time shopping for clothes online, 30% at malls, 20% at        │ │
    │           │ │              │ freestanding stores, 5% on mail order catalogs, and 5% in other modes.'          │ │
    │           │ └──────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    │ prompt    │ ┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓ │
    │           │ ┃ Attribute          ┃ Value                                                                      ┃ │
    │           │ ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩ │
    │           │ │ q_ls_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: On a scale of 0-10,  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ how much do you typically enjoy clothes shopping? (0 = Not at all, 10 =    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Very much)\nThe options are\n\n0: 0\n\n1: 1\n\n2: 2\n\n3: 3\n\n4: 4\n\n5:  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 5\n\n6: 6\n\n7: 7\n\n8: 8\n\n9: 9\n\n10: 10\n\nReturn a valid JSON         │ │
    │           │ │                    │ formatted like this, selecting only the code of the option (codes start at │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 0):\n{"answer": <put answer code here>, "comment": "<put explanation       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ here>"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'LinearScale'}     │ │
    │           │ │ q_ls_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_ft_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: What improvements    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ would you like to see in clothes shopping options?\nReturn a valid JSON    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ formatted like this:\n{"answer": "<put free text answer here>"}',          │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'class_name': 'FreeText'}                                                  │ │
    │           │ │ q_ft_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_yn_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Have you ever felt   │ │
    │           │ │                    │ excluded or frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in the fashion     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ industry?\nThe options are\n\n0: Yes\n\n1: No\n\nReturn a valid JSON       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer":  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ <put answer code here>, "comment": "<put explanation here>"}\nOnly 1       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'YesNo'}                           │ │
    │           │ │ q_yn_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_nu_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked a question that requires a numerical         │ │
    │           │ │                    │ response\nin the form of an integer or decimal (e.g., -12, 0, 1, 2, 3.45,  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ ...).\nYour response must be in the following format:\n{"answer": "<your   │ │
    │           │ │                    │ numerical answer here>", "comment": "<your explanation here"}\nYou must    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ only include an integer or decimal in the quoted "answer" part of your     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ response.\nHere is an example of a valid response:\n{"answer": "100",      │ │
    │           │ │                    │ "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\nHere is an example of a response  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ that is invalid because the "answer" includes words:\n{"answer": "I don\'t │ │
    │           │ │                    │ know.", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\nIf your response is       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ equivalent to zero, your formatted response should look like               │ │
    │           │ │                    │ this:\n{"answer": "0", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\n\nYou are  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ being asked the following question: Estimate the amount of money that you  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ spent on clothes in the past year (in $USD).', 'class_name': 'Numerical'}  │ │
    │           │ │ q_nu_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_li_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'What improvements would you like to see in clothes shopping      │ │
    │           │ │                    │ options?\n\nYour response should be only a valid JSON in the following     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ format:\n{\n    "answer": [<comma-separated list of responsive words or    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ phrases as independent strings>],\n    "comment": "<put comment            │ │
    │           │ │                    │ here>"\n}', 'class_name': 'ListQuestion'}                                  │ │
    │           │ │ q_li_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_cb_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Which of the         │ │
    │           │ │                    │ following factors are important to you in making decisions about clothes   │ │
    │           │ │                    │ shopping? Select all that apply.\nThe options are\n\n0: Price\n\n1:        │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Quality\n\n2: Brand Reputation\n\n3: Style and Design\n\n4: Fit and        │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Comfort\n\n5: Customer Reviews and Recommendations\n\n6: Ethical and       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Sustainable Practices\n\n7: Return Policy\n\n8: Convenience\n\n9:          │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Other\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ number of the option:\n{"answer": [<put comma-separated list of answer     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ codes here>], "comment": "<put explanation here>"}', 'class_name':         │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'CheckBox'}                                                                │ │
    │           │ │ q_cb_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_bg_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Estimate the         │ │
    │           │ │                    │ percentage of your total time spent shopping for clothes in each of the    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ following modes.\nThe options are \n\n0: Online\n\n1: Malls\n\n2:          │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Freestanding stores\n\n3: Mail order catalogs\n\n4: Other\n                │ │
    │           │ │                    │ \nReturn a valid JSON formatted as follows, with a dictionary for your     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ "answer"\nwhere the keys are the option numbers and the values are the     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ amounts you want \nto allocate to the options, and the sum of the values   │ │
    │           │ │                    │ is 100:\n{"answer": {<put dict of option numbers and allocation amounts    │ │
    │           │ │                    │ here>},\n"comment": "<put explanation here>"}\nExample response for a      │ │
    │           │ │                    │ budget of 100 and 4 options: \n{"answer": {"0": 25, "1": 25, "2": 25, "3": │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 25},\n"comment": "I allocated 25 to each option."}\nThere must be an       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ allocation listed for each item (including 0).', 'class_name': 'Budget'}   │ │
    │           │ │ q_bg_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ │ q_mc_user_prompt   │ {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: How often do you     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ shop for clothes?\nThe options are\n\n0: Rarely or never\n\n1:             │ │
    │           │ │                    │ Annually\n\n2: Seasonally\n\n3: Monthly\n\n4: Daily\n\nReturn a valid JSON │ │
    │           │ │                    │ formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer":  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ <put answer code here>, "comment": "<put explanation here>"}\nOnly 1       │ │
    │           │ │                    │ option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'MultipleChoiceTurbo'}             │ │
    │           │ │ q_mc_system_prompt │ {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break │ │
    │           │ │                    │ character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',     │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',                  │ │
    │           │ │                    │ 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                │ │
    │           │ └────────────────────┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ │
    └───────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘



Print options
-------------

We can use the ``.print()`` method to view results in a table, with
columns for each of the components: questions, responses, agent traits
and LLM parameters (default or specified).

We first use the ``.columns`` method to identify those columns that we
want to ``.select()`` to print:

.. code:: 

    results.columns




.. parsed-literal::

    ['agent.age',
     'agent.age_numerical',
     'agent.agent_name',
     'agent.height',
     'agent.height_numerical',
     'agent.persona',
     'answer.q_bg',
     'answer.q_bg_comment',
     'answer.q_cb',
     'answer.q_cb_comment',
     'answer.q_ft',
     'answer.q_li',
     'answer.q_li_comment',
     'answer.q_ls',
     'answer.q_ls_comment',
     'answer.q_mc',
     'answer.q_mc_comment',
     'answer.q_nu',
     'answer.q_nu_comment',
     'answer.q_yn',
     'answer.q_yn_comment',
     'model.frequency_penalty',
     'model.max_tokens',
     'model.model',
     'model.presence_penalty',
     'model.temperature',
     'model.top_p',
     'model.use_cache',
     'prompt.q_bg_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_bg_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_cb_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_cb_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_ft_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_ft_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_li_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_li_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_ls_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_ls_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_mc_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_mc_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_nu_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_nu_user_prompt',
     'prompt.q_yn_system_prompt',
     'prompt.q_yn_user_prompt',
     'scenario.item']



.. code:: 

    results.filter("item == 'shoes'").select("agent.age_numerical", "agent.height_numerical", "answer.q_nu").print()



.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace">┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> agent          </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> agent             </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> answer </span>┃
    ┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> .age_numerical </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> .height_numerical </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> .q_nu  </span>┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━┩
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 250    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 120    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 250    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500    </span>│
    ├────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200    </span>│
    └────────────────┴───────────────────┴────────┘
    </pre>



We can apply some ``pretty_labels()`` to our table:

.. code:: 

    (results
     .filter("item == 'shoes'")
     .select("agent.age_numerical", "agent.height_numerical", "answer.q_nu")
     .print(pretty_labels={
         "agent.age_numerical":"Age (years)", 
         "agent.height_numerical":"Height (inches)",
         "answer.q_nu":q_nu.question_text})
    )



.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace">┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold">             </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold">                 </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> Estimate the amount of money that you spent on {{item}} in the past year (in    </span>┃
    ┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold">             </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold">                 </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> $USD)                                                                           </span>┃
    ┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> Age (years) </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> Height (inches) </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> .                                                                               </span>┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 250                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 120                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 59          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 300                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 21          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 250                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 68              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 63              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 70              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 500                                                                             </span>│
    ├─────────────┼─────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 62          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 64              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 200                                                                             </span>│
    └─────────────┴─────────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
    </pre>



We can also use the ``.print_long()`` method to show a vertical view of
all the fields and data in our results:

.. code:: 

    # results.print_long()
    results[:1].print_long()



.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace"><span style="font-style: italic">        Scenario Attributes        </span>
    ┏━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Attribute </span>┃<span style="font-weight: bold"> Value               </span>┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
    │<span style="font-weight: bold"> data      </span>│<span style="font-weight: bold"> {'item': 'clothes'} </span>│
    └───────────┴─────────────────────┘
    </pre>




.. raw:: html

    <pre style="white-space:pre;overflow-x:auto;line-height:normal;font-family:Menlo,'DejaVu Sans Mono',consolas,'Courier New',monospace">┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
    ┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> Key                </span>┃<span style="color: #800080; text-decoration-color: #800080; font-weight: bold"> Value                                                                                      </span>┃
    ┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> persona            </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> You are an adult woman living in the US.                                                   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> age                </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> You are 32 years old.                                                                      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> age_numerical      </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 32                                                                                         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> height             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> You are 60 inches tall.                                                                    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> height_numerical   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 60                                                                                         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> agent_name         </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Agent_0                                                                                    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> agent              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60,          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'agent_name': 'Agent_0'}                                                                   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> item               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> clothes                                                                                    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> scenario           </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">         Scenario Attributes                                                                </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> ┏━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> ┃ Attribute ┃ Value               ┃                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> ┡━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┩                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> │ data      │ {'item': 'clothes'} │                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> └───────────┴─────────────────────┘                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                                                                                            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> temperature        </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 0.5                                                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> max_tokens         </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 1000                                                                                       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> top_p              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 1                                                                                          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> frequency_penalty  </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 0                                                                                          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> presence_penalty   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 0                                                                                          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> use_cache          </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> True                                                                                       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> model              </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'temperature': 0.5, 'max_tokens': 1000, 'top_p': 1, 'frequency_penalty': 0,               </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'presence_penalty': 0, 'use_cache': True, 'model': 'gpt-3.5-turbo'}                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ls               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 4                                                                                          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ls_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I enjoy clothes shopping moderately, so I would rate it as a 4 on the scale of 0-10.       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_nu               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 1200                                                                                       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_nu_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I estimate that I spent around $1200 on clothes in the past year.                          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ft               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of diverse body  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> types in clothing advertisements and catalogs. It would also be great to have more         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> sustainable and ethically-made clothing options easily accessible.                         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_mc               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Seasonally                                                                                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_mc_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I shop for clothes seasonally, usually when the seasons change to update my wardrobe.      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_li               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> ['more sustainable options', 'better size inclusivity', 'improved online shopping          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> experience']                                                                               </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_li_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I believe these improvements would make clothes shopping more convenient and enjoyable for </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> everyone.                                                                                  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_yn               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Yes                                                                                        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_yn_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Yes, I have felt excluded and frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in the fashion   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> industry. As a 32-year-old woman who is 60 inches tall, finding clothes that fit well can  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> be a challenge.                                                                            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_cb               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> ['Price', 'Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit and Comfort', 'Customer Reviews and          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Recommendations', 'Ethical and Sustainable Practices', 'Return Policy', 'Convenience']     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_cb_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I consider price, quality, style and design, fit and comfort, customer reviews and         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> recommendations, ethical and sustainable practices, return policy, and convenience when    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> making decisions about clothes shopping.                                                   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_bg               </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> [{'Online': 40}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding stores': 20}, {'Mail order catalogs': 5},   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'Other': 5}]                                                                              </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_bg_comment       </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> I spend 40% of my time shopping for clothes online, 30% at malls, 20% at freestanding      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> stores, 5% on mail order catalogs, and 5% in other modes.                                  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> answer             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'q_ls': '4', 'q_ls_comment': 'I enjoy clothes shopping moderately, so I would rate it as  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> a 4 on the scale of 0-10.', 'q_nu': '1200', 'q_nu_comment': 'I estimate that I spent       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> around $1200 on clothes in the past year.', 'q_ft': 'I would like to see more              </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> size-inclusive options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> advertisements and catalogs. It would also be great to have more sustainable and           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> ethically-made clothing options easily accessible.', 'q_mc': 'Seasonally', 'q_mc_comment': </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'I shop for clothes seasonally, usually when the seasons change to update my wardrobe.',   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'q_li': ['more sustainable options', 'better size inclusivity', 'improved online shopping  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> experience'], 'q_li_comment': 'I believe these improvements would make clothes shopping    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> more convenient and enjoyable for everyone.', 'q_yn': 'Yes', 'q_yn_comment': 'Yes, I have  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> felt excluded and frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in the fashion industry. As  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> a 32-year-old woman who is 60 inches tall, finding clothes that fit well can be a          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> challenge.', 'q_cb': ['Price', 'Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit and Comfort', 'Customer </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Reviews and Recommendations', 'Ethical and Sustainable Practices', 'Return Policy',        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'Convenience'], 'q_cb_comment': 'I consider price, quality, style and design, fit and      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> comfort, customer reviews and recommendations, ethical and sustainable practices, return   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> policy, and convenience when making decisions about clothes shopping.', 'q_bg':            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> [{'Online': 40}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding stores': 20}, {'Mail order catalogs': 5},   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'Other': 5}], 'q_bg_comment': 'I spend 40% of my time shopping for clothes online, 30% at </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> malls, 20% at freestanding stores, 5% on mail order catalogs, and 5% in other modes.'}     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ls_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: On a scale of 0-10, how much do you  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> typically enjoy clothes shopping? (0 = Not at all, 10 = Very much)\nThe options are\n\n0:  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 0\n\n1: 1\n\n2: 2\n\n3: 3\n\n4: 4\n\n5: 5\n\n6: 6\n\n7: 7\n\n8: 8\n\n9: 9\n\n10:           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 10\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the code of the option       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> (codes start at 0):\n{"answer": &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> here&gt;"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'LinearScale'}                     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ls_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ft_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: What improvements would you like to  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> see in clothes shopping options?\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this:\n{"answer":     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> "&lt;put free text answer here&gt;"}', 'class_name': 'FreeText'}                                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_ft_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_yn_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Have you ever felt excluded or       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> frustrated by the standard sizes of clothes in the fashion industry?\nThe options          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are\n\n0: Yes\n\n1: No\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> number of the option:\n{"answer": &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> here&gt;"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'YesNo'}                           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_yn_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_nu_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked a question that requires a numerical response\nin the form   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> of an integer or decimal (e.g., -12, 0, 1, 2, 3.45, ...).\nYour response must be in the    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> following format:\n{"answer": "&lt;your numerical answer here&gt;", "comment": "&lt;your            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> explanation here"}\nYou must only include an integer or decimal in the quoted "answer"     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> part of your response.\nHere is an example of a valid response:\n{"answer": "100",         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\nHere is an example of a response that is invalid  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> because the "answer" includes words:\n{"answer": "I don\'t know.", "comment": "This is my  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> explanation..."}\nIf your response is equivalent to zero, your formatted response should   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> look like this:\n{"answer": "0", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\n\nYou are being  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> asked the following question: Estimate the amount of money that you spent on clothes in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the past year (in $USD).', 'class_name': 'Numerical'}                                      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_nu_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_li_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'What improvements would you like to see in clothes shopping options?\n\nYour     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> response should be only a valid JSON in the following format:\n{\n    "answer":            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> [&lt;comma-separated list of responsive words or phrases as independent strings&gt;],\n          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> "comment": "&lt;put comment here&gt;"\n}', 'class_name': 'ListQuestion'}                         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_li_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_cb_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Which of the following factors are   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> important to you in making decisions about clothes shopping? Select all that apply.\nThe   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> options are\n\n0: Price\n\n1: Quality\n\n2: Brand Reputation\n\n3: Style and Design\n\n4:  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Fit and Comfort\n\n5: Customer Reviews and Recommendations\n\n6: Ethical and Sustainable   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Practices\n\n7: Return Policy\n\n8: Convenience\n\n9: Other\n\nReturn a valid JSON         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer": [&lt;put            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> comma-separated list of answer codes here&gt;], "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}',        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'class_name': 'CheckBox'}                                                                  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_cb_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_bg_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: Estimate the percentage of your      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> total time spent shopping for clothes in each of the following modes.\nThe options are     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> \n\n0: Online\n\n1: Malls\n\n2: Freestanding stores\n\n3: Mail order catalogs\n\n4:        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Other\n                       \nReturn a valid JSON formatted as follows, with a           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> dictionary for your "answer"\nwhere the keys are the option numbers and the values are the </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> amounts you want \nto allocate to the options, and the sum of the values is                </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 100:\n{"answer": {&lt;put dict of option numbers and allocation amounts here&gt;},\n"comment":   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nExample response for a budget of 100 and 4 options:             </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> \n{"answer": {"0": 25, "1": 25, "2": 25, "3": 25},\n"comment": "I allocated 25 to each     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> option."}\nThere must be an allocation listed for each item (including 0).', 'class_name': </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'Budget'}                                                                                  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_bg_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_mc_user_prompt   </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: How often do you shop for            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> clothes?\nThe options are\n\n0: Rarely or never\n\n1: Annually\n\n2: Seasonally\n\n3:      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Monthly\n\n4: Daily\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the number  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> of the option:\n{"answer": &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> here&gt;"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'MultipleChoiceTurbo'}             </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> q_mc_system_prompt </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}                 </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> prompt             </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'q_ls_user_prompt': {'text': 'You are being asked the following question: On a scale of   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 0-10, how much do you typically enjoy clothes shopping? (0 = Not at all, 10 = Very         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> much)\nThe options are\n\n0: 0\n\n1: 1\n\n2: 2\n\n3: 3\n\n4: 4\n\n5: 5\n\n6: 6\n\n7:       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 7\n\n8: 8\n\n9: 9\n\n10: 10\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> code of the option (codes start at 0):\n{"answer": &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment":      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'LinearScale'},  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'q_ls_system_prompt': {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> break character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32,       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name':               </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_ft_user_prompt': {'text': 'You are being asked the following       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> question: What improvements would you like to see in clothes shopping options?\nReturn a   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> valid JSON formatted like this:\n{"answer": "&lt;put free text answer here&gt;"}', 'class_name': </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'FreeText'}, 'q_ft_system_prompt': {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> human. Do not break character. You are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona':   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.',                </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}",        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_yn_user_prompt': {'text': 'You are being asked the   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> following question: Have you ever felt excluded or frustrated by the standard sizes of     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> clothes in the fashion industry?\nThe options are\n\n0: Yes\n\n1: No\n\nReturn a valid     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> JSON formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer": &lt;put answer </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nOnly 1 option may be selected.',         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'class_name': 'YesNo'}, 'q_yn_system_prompt': {'text': "You are answering questions as if  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> you were a human. Do not break character. You are an agent with the following              </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_nu_user_prompt': {'text': 'You are being asked a     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> question that requires a numerical response\nin the form of an integer or decimal (e.g.,   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> -12, 0, 1, 2, 3.45, ...).\nYour response must be in the following format:\n{"answer":      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> "&lt;your numerical answer here&gt;", "comment": "&lt;your explanation here"}\nYou must only        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> include an integer or decimal in the quoted "answer" part of your response.\nHere is an    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> example of a valid response:\n{"answer": "100", "comment": "This is my                     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> explanation..."}\nHere is an example of a response that is invalid because the "answer"    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> includes words:\n{"answer": "I don\'t know.", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\nIf  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> your response is equivalent to zero, your formatted response should look like              </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> this:\n{"answer": "0", "comment": "This is my explanation..."}\n\nYou are being asked the  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> following question: Estimate the amount of money that you spent on clothes in the past     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> year (in $USD).', 'class_name': 'Numerical'}, 'q_nu_system_prompt': {'text': "You are      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You are an agent with  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age':     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_li_user_prompt': {'text':  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'What improvements would you like to see in clothes shopping options?\n\nYour response     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> should be only a valid JSON in the following format:\n{\n    "answer": [&lt;comma-separated   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> list of responsive words or phrases as independent strings&gt;],\n    "comment": "&lt;put        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> comment here&gt;"\n}', 'class_name': 'ListQuestion'}, 'q_li_system_prompt': {'text': "You are </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You are an agent with  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age':     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_cb_user_prompt': {'text':  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'You are being asked the following question: Which of the following factors are important  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> to you in making decisions about clothes shopping? Select all that apply.\nThe options     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are\n\n0: Price\n\n1: Quality\n\n2: Brand Reputation\n\n3: Style and Design\n\n4: Fit and  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Comfort\n\n5: Customer Reviews and Recommendations\n\n6: Ethical and Sustainable           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Practices\n\n7: Return Policy\n\n8: Convenience\n\n9: Other\n\nReturn a valid JSON         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> formatted like this, selecting only the number of the option:\n{"answer": [&lt;put            </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> comma-separated list of answer codes here&gt;], "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}',        </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'class_name': 'CheckBox'}, 'q_cb_system_prompt': {'text': "You are answering questions as  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> if you were a human. Do not break character. You are an agent with the following           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_bg_user_prompt': {'text': 'You are being asked the   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> following question: Estimate the percentage of your total time spent shopping for clothes  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> in each of the following modes.\nThe options are \n\n0: Online\n\n1: Malls\n\n2:           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Freestanding stores\n\n3: Mail order catalogs\n\n4: Other\n                       \nReturn </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> a valid JSON formatted as follows, with a dictionary for your "answer"\nwhere the keys are </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the option numbers and the values are the amounts you want \nto allocate to the options,   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> and the sum of the values is 100:\n{"answer": {&lt;put dict of option numbers and allocation  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> amounts here&gt;},\n"comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nExample response for a budget of    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 100 and 4 options: \n{"answer": {"0": 25, "1": 25, "2": 25, "3": 25},\n"comment": "I       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> allocated 25 to each option."}\nThere must be an allocation listed for each item           </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> (including 0).', 'class_name': 'Budget'}, 'q_bg_system_prompt': {'text': "You are          </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You are an agent with  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in the US.', 'age':     </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60 inches tall.',         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}, 'q_mc_user_prompt': {'text':  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> 'You are being asked the following question: How often do you shop for clothes?\nThe       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> options are\n\n0: Rarely or never\n\n1: Annually\n\n2: Seasonally\n\n3: Monthly\n\n4:      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> Daily\n\nReturn a valid JSON formatted like this, selecting only the number of the         </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> option:\n{"answer": &lt;put answer code here&gt;, "comment": "&lt;put explanation here&gt;"}\nOnly 1   </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> option may be selected.', 'class_name': 'MultipleChoiceTurbo'}, 'q_mc_system_prompt':      </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> {'text': "You are answering questions as if you were a human. Do not break character. You  </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> are an agent with the following persona:\n{'persona': 'You are an adult woman living in    </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> the US.', 'age': 'You are 32 years old.', 'age_numerical': 32, 'height': 'You are 60       </span>│
    │<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f">                    </span>│<span style="color: #7f7f7f; text-decoration-color: #7f7f7f"> inches tall.', 'height_numerical': 60}", 'class_name': 'AgentInstruction'}}                </span>│
    └────────────────────┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
    </pre>



Dataframes
----------

We can turn ``Results`` into a dataframe with the ``.to_pandas()``
method, then select ``.columns``:

.. code:: 

    results.to_pandas().columns




.. parsed-literal::

    Index(['agent.age', 'agent.age_numerical', 'agent.agent_name', 'agent.height',
           'agent.height_numerical', 'agent.persona', 'answer.q_bg',
           'answer.q_bg_comment', 'answer.q_cb', 'answer.q_cb_comment',
           'answer.q_ft', 'answer.q_li', 'answer.q_li_comment', 'answer.q_ls',
           'answer.q_ls_comment', 'answer.q_mc', 'answer.q_mc_comment',
           'answer.q_nu', 'answer.q_nu_comment', 'answer.q_yn',
           'answer.q_yn_comment', 'model.frequency_penalty', 'model.max_tokens',
           'model.model', 'model.presence_penalty', 'model.temperature',
           'model.top_p', 'model.use_cache', 'prompt.q_bg_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_bg_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_cb_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_cb_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_ft_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_ft_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_li_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_li_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_ls_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_ls_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_mc_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_mc_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_nu_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_nu_user_prompt', 'prompt.q_yn_system_prompt',
           'prompt.q_yn_user_prompt', 'scenario.item'],
          dtype='object')



.. code:: 

    results.to_pandas()[["agent.age_numerical", "agent.height_numerical", "scenario.item", "answer.q_nu"]]




.. raw:: html

    <div>
    <style scoped>
        .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
            vertical-align: middle;
        }
    
        .dataframe tbody tr th {
            vertical-align: top;
        }
    
        .dataframe thead th {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
    <table border="1" class="dataframe">
      <thead>
        <tr style="text-align: right;">
          <th></th>
          <th>agent.age_numerical</th>
          <th>agent.height_numerical</th>
          <th>scenario.item</th>
          <th>answer.q_nu</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>0</th>
          <td>32</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>1200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>1</th>
          <td>32</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>500</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>2</th>
          <td>32</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>500</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>3</th>
          <td>32</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>300</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4</th>
          <td>32</td>
          <td>68</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>1200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>...</th>
          <td>...</td>
          <td>...</td>
          <td>...</td>
          <td>...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>95</th>
          <td>62</td>
          <td>70</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>96</th>
          <td>62</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>1200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>97</th>
          <td>62</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>500</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>98</th>
          <td>62</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>500</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>99</th>
          <td>62</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>200</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <p>100 rows × 4 columns</p>
    </div>



SQL
---

| We can use the ``.sql()`` method to access ``Results`` as a queryable
  SQL data table. This method takes the following arguments: Required: A
  SQL command of the form ``"select * from self"`` Note: use ``self`` as
  the table name, not the name you’ve given your ``Results``\  Required:
| A ``shape`` selection: ``shape="wide"`` to maintain data fields
  horizontally or ``shape="long"`` to view the data vertically by data
  type (agent, model, prompt, answer), key (individual agent traits,
  questions, etc.) and corresponding values. Optional: An indicator
  ``remove_prefix=True`` if you want to access column names in the SQL
  command without the prefixes ``agent.``, ``model.``, etc., to avoid
  having to quote them (i.e., in order to do
  ``"select temperature from self"`` instead of
  ``"select 'model.temperature' from self"``)

The “wide” view lets you select individual fields as columns:

.. code:: 

    results.sql("""
        select 
            age_numerical as age, 
            height_numerical as height,
            item,
            q_mc as freq, 
            q_nu as annual_spend,
            count(*) as ct
        from self 
        group by 1,2,3,4,5
        limit 10
        """, 
        shape="wide", 
        remove_prefix=True
    )




.. raw:: html

    <div>
    <style scoped>
        .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
            vertical-align: middle;
        }
    
        .dataframe tbody tr th {
            vertical-align: top;
        }
    
        .dataframe thead th {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
    <table border="1" class="dataframe">
      <thead>
        <tr style="text-align: right;">
          <th></th>
          <th>age</th>
          <th>height</th>
          <th>item</th>
          <th>freq</th>
          <th>annual_spend</th>
          <th>ct</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>0</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>500</td>
          <td>2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>1</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>200</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>2</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>60</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>300</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>3</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>63</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>500</td>
          <td>2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>63</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>200</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>5</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>63</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>300</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>6</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>500</td>
          <td>2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>7</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>250</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>8</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>64</td>
          <td>shoes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>500</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>9</th>
          <td>21</td>
          <td>68</td>
          <td>clothes</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>500</td>
          <td>1</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    </div>



The “long” view lets you arrange agent responses as you like:

.. code:: 

    (results
     .filter("item == 'clothes'")
     .sql("""
        select 
            a0.key,
            a0.value as agent0,
            a1.value as agent1,
            a2.value as agent2
        from self as a0
        inner join (
            select key, value
            from self 
            where id = 1
        ) as a1 on a1.key = a0.key
        inner join (
            select key, value
            from self 
            where id = 2
        ) as a2 on a2.key = a0.key
        where 1=1 
            and a0.id = 0
            and (a0.key like 'q_%' or a0.key = 'age')
            and a0.key not like '%comment'
            and a0.key not like '%prompt'
        """, 
        shape="long", 
        remove_prefix=True)
    )




.. raw:: html

    <div>
    <style scoped>
        .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
            vertical-align: middle;
        }
    
        .dataframe tbody tr th {
            vertical-align: top;
        }
    
        .dataframe thead th {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
    <table border="1" class="dataframe">
      <thead>
        <tr style="text-align: right;">
          <th></th>
          <th>key</th>
          <th>agent0</th>
          <th>agent1</th>
          <th>agent2</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>0</th>
          <td>age</td>
          <td>You are 32 years old.</td>
          <td>You are 32 years old.</td>
          <td>You are 32 years old.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>1</th>
          <td>q_mc</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
          <td>Seasonally</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>2</th>
          <td>q_nu</td>
          <td>1200</td>
          <td>500</td>
          <td>1200</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>3</th>
          <td>q_ls</td>
          <td>4</td>
          <td>7</td>
          <td>6</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4</th>
          <td>q_cb</td>
          <td>['Price', 'Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit ...</td>
          <td>['Price', 'Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit ...</td>
          <td>['Quality', 'Style and Design', 'Fit and Comfo...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>5</th>
          <td>q_ft</td>
          <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive option...</td>
          <td>I'd like to see more inclusive sizing options ...</td>
          <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing opti...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>6</th>
          <td>q_yn</td>
          <td>Yes</td>
          <td>Yes</td>
          <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>7</th>
          <td>q_li</td>
          <td>['more sustainable options', 'better size incl...</td>
          <td>['inclusive sizing', 'sustainable materials', ...</td>
          <td>['more sustainable options', 'inclusive sizing...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>8</th>
          <td>q_bg</td>
          <td>[{'Online': 40}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding...</td>
          <td>[{'Online': 50}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding...</td>
          <td>[{'Online': 40}, {'Malls': 30}, {'Freestanding...</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    </div>



The “long” view can be also useful for exporting data:

.. code:: 

    results.sql("select * from self", shape="long")




.. raw:: html

    <div>
    <style scoped>
        .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
            vertical-align: middle;
        }
    
        .dataframe tbody tr th {
            vertical-align: top;
        }
    
        .dataframe thead th {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
    <table border="1" class="dataframe">
      <thead>
        <tr style="text-align: right;">
          <th></th>
          <th>id</th>
          <th>data_type</th>
          <th>key</th>
          <th>value</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>0</th>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>agent</td>
          <td>persona</td>
          <td>You are an adult woman living in the US.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>1</th>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>agent</td>
          <td>age</td>
          <td>You are 32 years old.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>2</th>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>agent</td>
          <td>age_numerical</td>
          <td>32</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>3</th>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>agent</td>
          <td>height</td>
          <td>You are 60 inches tall.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4</th>
          <td>0</td>
          <td>agent</td>
          <td>height_numerical</td>
          <td>60</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>...</th>
          <td>...</td>
          <td>...</td>
          <td>...</td>
          <td>...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4495</th>
          <td>99</td>
          <td>prompt</td>
          <td>q_cb_system_prompt</td>
          <td>{'text': "You are answering questions as if yo...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4496</th>
          <td>99</td>
          <td>prompt</td>
          <td>q_li_user_prompt</td>
          <td>{'text': 'What improvements would you like to ...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4497</th>
          <td>99</td>
          <td>prompt</td>
          <td>q_li_system_prompt</td>
          <td>{'text': "You are answering questions as if yo...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4498</th>
          <td>99</td>
          <td>prompt</td>
          <td>q_mc_user_prompt</td>
          <td>{'text': 'You are being asked the following qu...</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4499</th>
          <td>99</td>
          <td>prompt</td>
          <td>q_mc_system_prompt</td>
          <td>{'text': "You are answering questions as if yo...</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <p>4500 rows × 4 columns</p>
    </div>



Show the table schema:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can use the method ``.show_schema()`` to see the table schema. This
method also requires a ``shape`` argument.

Note that using ``shape="wide"`` in the ``.sql()`` method will display
all columns horizontally, so each of the column names is listed when we
do ``.show_schema(shape="wide")``.

.. code:: 

    results.show_schema(shape="long")


.. parsed-literal::

    Type: table, Name: self, SQL: CREATE TABLE self (
                    id INTEGER,
                    data_type TEXT,
                    key TEXT, 
                    value TEXT
                )
    


.. code:: 

    results.show_schema(shape="wide", remove_prefix=True)


.. parsed-literal::

        cid                name     type  notnull dflt_value  pk
    0     0                 age     TEXT        0       None   0
    1     1       age_numerical   BIGINT        0       None   0
    2     2          agent_name     TEXT        0       None   0
    3     3   frequency_penalty   BIGINT        0       None   0
    4     4              height     TEXT        0       None   0
    5     5    height_numerical   BIGINT        0       None   0
    6     6                item     TEXT        0       None   0
    7     7          max_tokens   BIGINT        0       None   0
    8     8               model     TEXT        0       None   0
    9     9             persona     TEXT        0       None   0
    10   10    presence_penalty   BIGINT        0       None   0
    11   11                q_bg     TEXT        0       None   0
    12   12        q_bg_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    13   13  q_bg_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    14   14    q_bg_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    15   15                q_cb     TEXT        0       None   0
    16   16        q_cb_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    17   17  q_cb_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    18   18    q_cb_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    19   19                q_ft     TEXT        0       None   0
    20   20  q_ft_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    21   21    q_ft_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    22   22                q_li     TEXT        0       None   0
    23   23        q_li_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    24   24  q_li_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    25   25    q_li_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    26   26                q_ls   BIGINT        0       None   0
    27   27        q_ls_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    28   28  q_ls_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    29   29    q_ls_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    30   30                q_mc     TEXT        0       None   0
    31   31        q_mc_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    32   32  q_mc_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    33   33    q_mc_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    34   34                q_nu   BIGINT        0       None   0
    35   35        q_nu_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    36   36  q_nu_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    37   37    q_nu_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    38   38                q_yn     TEXT        0       None   0
    39   39        q_yn_comment     TEXT        0       None   0
    40   40  q_yn_system_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    41   41    q_yn_user_prompt     TEXT        0       None   0
    42   42         temperature    FLOAT        0       None   0
    43   43               top_p   BIGINT        0       None   0
    44   44           use_cache  BOOLEAN        0       None   0


Visualization methods
---------------------

Available visualization methods include: ``.word_cloud_plot()``
``.bar_chart()`` ``.faceted_bar_chart()`` ``.histogram_plot()`` and an
interactive html method:
``.select(...).print(html=True, pretty_labels = {...}, interactive = True)``

For questions where ``Scenario`` parameters should be isolated, we can
first apply the ``filter()`` method to the results.

Word cloud:
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: 

    results.word_cloud_plot("q_ft")



.. raw:: html

    
    <img src="data:image/svg+xml;base64,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" style="width: 100%; height: auto;"  />


Bar chart:
~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: 

    results.filter("item == 'shoes'").bar_chart("q_mc", title = "How often do you shop for shoes?")



.. raw:: html

    How often do you shop for shoes?
    <img src="data:image/svg+xml;base64,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" style="width: 100%; height: auto;"  />
    <p>Codes:</p>
    <p><b>rarely</b>: Rarely or never</p>
    <p><b>annually</b>: Annually</p>
    <p><b>seasonally</b>: Seasonally</p>
    <p><b>monthly</b>: Monthly</p>
    <p><b>daily</b>: Daily</p>


Faceted bar chart:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: 

    results.faceted_bar_chart("q_mc", "item", title = "Shopping frequency")



.. raw:: html

    
    <img src="data:image/svg+xml;base64,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" style="width: 100%; height: auto;"  />
    <p>Codes:</p>
    <p><b>rarely</b>: Rarely or never</p>
    <p><b>annually</b>: Annually</p>
    <p><b>seasonally</b>: Seasonally</p>
    <p><b>monthly</b>: Monthly</p>
    <p><b>daily</b>: Daily</p>


Histogram:
~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: 

    results.filter("item == 'shoes'").histogram_plot("q_nu", title = "Estimated annual spend on shoes")



.. raw:: html

    Estimated annual spend on shoes
    <img src="data:image/svg+xml;base64,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" style="width: 100%; height: auto;"  />


Interactive html:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(Interactive search and sort features will appear in your notebook when
you run it but appear static on this page.)

.. code:: 

    results.select("age_numerical", "height_numerical", "item", "q_ft").print(
        html=True, 
        pretty_labels = {
            "age_numerical":"Age (years)", 
            "height_numerical":"Height (inches)",
            "item":"Item", 
            "q_ft":"Free text response"}, 
        interactive = True)



.. raw:: html

    
                <html>
                <head>
                <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.7.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
                <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.datatables.net/1.13.6/css/jquery.dataTables.css" />
                <script src="https://cdn.datatables.net/1.13.6/js/jquery.dataTables.js"></script>
                <style>
                    table {
                        font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
                        border-collapse: collapse;
                        width: 100%;
                    }
    
                    td, th {
                        border: 1px solid #dddddd;
                        text-align: left;
                        padding: 8px;
                    }
    
                    tr:nth-child(even) {
                        background-color: #dddddd;
                    }
                </style>
                <script>
                $(document).ready( function () {
                    $('#myTable').DataTable();
                } )
                </script>
                </head>
                <body>
            <table id="myTable" class="display">
      <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>agent.age_numerical</th>
        <th>agent.height_numerical</th>
        <th>scenario.item</th>
        <th>answer.q_ft</th>
      </tr>
      </thead>
    </tbody>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and catalogs. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically-made clothing options easily accessible.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types, along with better quality control to ensure consistency in sizing across different brands. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly clothing options readily available at affordable prices. Additionally, virtual fitting rooms using augmented reality could help with online shopping to reduce the chances of having to return items that don't fit well. Lastly, more personalized services that help recommend styles based on personal preferences and body shape would enhance the shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options available in stores and online, as well as more sustainable and ethically made shoe options. It would also be great to have more virtual try-on features to help with selecting the right size and style.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see a more personalized shopping experience, perhaps with the use of augmented reality to try on shoes virtually before buying. Additionally, an improved sizing system that takes into account the width and arch height, not just the shoe length, would be beneficial. More options for sustainable and ethically sourced materials would also be a great improvement in shoe shopping.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made clothing options readily available.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see a wider range of sizes that cater to all body types, ensuring that everyone can find clothing that fits well and is flattering. Also, more sustainable and ethically sourced clothing options would be great, as I'm conscious about the environmental and social impact of my purchases. Enhanced virtual fitting technology could also be beneficial, helping to reduce the guesswork when shopping online. Additionally, I'd appreciate more filter options to easily find clothes that meet specific needs, like occasion, fabric type, or care instructions.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for sustainable and ethically-made shoes, as well as more inclusive sizing options for both width and length. It would also be great to have more personalized recommendations based on foot shape and walking habits.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more options for virtual try-on technology, which would allow customers to see how shoes look on their feet without having to leave home. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider range of sizes and widths available online, ensuring that everyone can find their perfect fit. It would also be great to have more detailed and user-friendly filters for searching, including the ability to filter by specific foot concerns like arch support or for those with wider feet. Lastly, a more flexible and hassle-free return policy would be beneficial, making it easier to return shoes that don't fit properly.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options available across all brands, better quality control to reduce the number of returns, and more sustainable and eco-friendly clothing choices.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types. It would also be great to have more virtual fitting tools that help you visualize how clothes will fit without having to try them on in-store. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider selection of sustainable and ethically made clothing, with clear transparency about where and how the clothes are made. Finally, it would be convenient to have more customizable clothing options, allowing for adjustments in length, fit, and style to suit individual preferences.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options for shoes, including a wider range of widths and sizes. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made shoe options available, as well as better online tools for finding the right fit without having to try them on in person.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more customization options for shoes, allowing customers to choose colors, materials, and even adjust the fit for different foot shapes and sizes. It would also be great to have more advanced filtering systems online to quickly find shoes that meet specific needs, like arch support or vegan materials. Additionally, I think having a virtual try-on feature using augmented reality could help make online shoe shopping more reliable and fun.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and on the runway.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a wider range of body types. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically produced clothing readily available at affordable prices. Additionally, having virtual try-on features for online shopping could really help in getting a better sense of how clothes would fit without having to physically try them on.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options available in stores and online, as well as more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe choices. It would also be great to have more personalized recommendations based on foot shape and style preferences.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more virtual try-on options so that I can see how shoes look on my feet without having to go to a store. It would also be great to have more filters for specific needs, like arch support or vegan materials, to make it easier to find what I'm looking for. Additionally, a universal sizing guide that helps translate sizes across different brands and countries would be incredibly helpful to reduce the guesswork and returns. Lastly, an improvement in the sustainability and transparency of the production process for the shoes would be a great step forward for conscious consumers.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options, better quality control to ensure durability, and more sustainable and ethical practices in the fashion industry.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types, ensuring that everyone can find clothes that fit well and make them feel confident. Additionally, it would be great to have more sustainable and ethically made clothing readily available at an affordable price point. Virtual fitting rooms with accurate size predictions would also be a huge improvement, helping to reduce the number of returns and making online shopping more convenient. Finally, having more filters for specific needs, like fabric types for those with sensitive skin or styles that suit different body shapes, would make the shopping experience much more personalized and enjoyable.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and styles available in stores and online. It would be great to have more comfortable and stylish shoes for people with wide feet or specific foot conditions. Additionally, I think having more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options would be a positive improvement in the shoe shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more virtual try-on options that use augmented reality to get a better sense of how shoes look on my feet. It would be great to have a wider range of sizes available, including half sizes and various widths, to ensure a perfect fit. More detailed and accurate descriptions of how the shoes fit, such as whether they run large or small, would be very helpful. Additionally, an improvement in the return policies to make them more hassle-free would be appreciated, as well as the option for more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options available in stores and online, as well as better quality control to ensure consistent sizing across different brands. Additionally, I think it would be great to have more sustainable and ethically-made clothing options readily available.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types, including petites like myself. It would also be great to have more stores that offer personalized fitting services to help find the perfect fit. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider selection of quality fabrics that are both comfortable and durable, as well as more eco-friendly and sustainable clothing options. Lastly, having more user-friendly online shopping platforms with accurate size guides and easy return policies would make the shopping experience much better.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more variety in shoe sizes available in stores, including more options for wide or narrow widths. It would also be great to have more comfortable seating areas for trying on shoes and better lighting to see the true colors of the shoes.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more stores offering a wider range of sizes, including half sizes and various widths, to accommodate all foot shapes. It would also be beneficial if there were more options for trying on shoes virtually using augmented reality technology, which can save time and make online shopping more accurate. Additionally, I'd appreciate more ergonomic designs that cater to the comfort of older adults, and perhaps a personalized recommendation system based on foot measurements and past purchases to help find the perfect fit. Lastly, I'd like to see more eco-friendly materials and sustainable practices in shoe manufacturing and packaging.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options in stores and online, as well as better quality materials and sustainable fashion choices. It would also be great to have more personalized recommendations based on my style and preferences.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>As a 62-year-old woman, I would like to see improvements in clothing shopping options that cater to the comfort, style, and varying body types of mature adults. This includes better availability of sizes that fit more realistically, as well as mannequins that represent a more diverse range of body shapes and ages. I also value high-quality fabrics that are both durable and comfortable, and I would appreciate more in-store and online services that offer personalized styling advice. Additionally, I'd like to see more adaptive clothing options for those with mobility issues or other physical challenges. Lastly, I think it would be wonderful to have more seating areas in stores for those who need to take a break during their shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for stylish and comfortable shoes in a wider range of sizes, including more options for wide and narrow widths. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options available in stores and online.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more options for shoes that cater to comfort and orthopedic needs without sacrificing style. It's important to have a wide range of sizes and widths available to accommodate different foot shapes and sizes. Additionally, I'd appreciate more virtual try-on features that use augmented reality to see how shoes look on my feet from the comfort of my home. Lastly, detailed customer reviews focusing on the longevity and wearability of the shoes would be incredibly helpful for making informed decisions.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options in stores and online, as well as more sustainable and ethically made clothing choices. It would also be great to have more personalized recommendations based on my style and preferences.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to all body types, including petite, plus, and tall ranges. It would be great to have more adaptive clothing for those with mobility issues or disabilities. I also appreciate stores with knowledgeable and helpful staff who can provide personalized styling advice. Additionally, having more eco-friendly and sustainable clothing options would be fantastic, as well as clearer information on the ethical practices of the brands. Finally, an improvement in the quality of fabrics and construction would be welcome, ensuring that clothes are not only stylish but also durable and long-lasting.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more comfortable and stylish shoe options available in a wider range of sizes, including more options for wide or narrow feet. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe choices to align with my values.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>As someone who values comfort and convenience, I'd like to see improvements in shoe shopping that include more options for virtual try-ons, which would use augmented reality to help visualize how the shoes look on my feet. I'd also appreciate a wider selection of orthopedic and comfort-oriented styles that don't sacrifice fashion for function. Additionally, having more detailed filters for size, width, and arch support would help narrow down the search for the perfect pair. Lastly, an easy and free return policy is essential, as it can be challenging to find the right fit without trying shoes on in person.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and displays.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types, including petite, plus-size, and tall ranges. It would also be beneficial to have more stores offer personalized fitting services to help customers find the perfect fit. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider selection of quality fabrics that are both durable and environmentally friendly. For the shopping experience itself, more user-friendly online platforms with virtual try-on features would be great, along with better return policies that acknowledge the challenges of finding the right fit without trying on clothes in person.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable yet stylish shoes in a wide range of sizes, including more options for wide or narrow widths. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options available in stores and online.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more stores offering a wider range of sizes, especially for women with larger or wider feet. It would also be great if there were more options for trying on shoes virtually to get a better sense of fit before purchasing, especially with the rise of online shopping. Additionally, I'd appreciate more filters for specific foot needs, such as arch support or shoes suitable for bunions. Lastly, an improvement in the return policies to make them more customer-friendly for online purchases would be very welcome.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size inclusivity in clothing options, better quality fabrics, and more sustainable and eco-friendly choices in the fashion industry.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>As a 62-year-old woman, I'd like to see improvements in clothes shopping options that cater to the comfort and style needs of my age group. It would be wonderful to have more stores with a wider range of sizes that consider the changing body shapes as we age. I'd appreciate better lighting and more seating in fitting rooms, as well as more helpful and patient staff who understand the needs of older shoppers. Additionally, having clothing with easy-to-use fasteners and that are easy to care for would be a big plus. Online shopping could also be improved with more accurate sizing charts and virtual try-on options to reduce the hassle of returns.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for stylish and comfortable shoes in a variety of sizes, including more options for wide widths. It would also be great to have more eco-friendly and sustainable shoe options available for purchase.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would appreciate seeing more options with a focus on comfort and support, especially as we age and our feet need extra care. It would be great to have a wider range of sizes and widths readily available in stores to accommodate different foot shapes without having to special order. Additionally, having knowledgeable staff who can provide personalized fitting advice and recommendations for foot health would enhance the shopping experience. Lastly, an increase in stylish yet orthopedically sound options would be wonderful, as it's important to feel confident in what we wear at any age.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options in stores and online, as well as more sustainable and ethically-made clothing choices. It would also be great to have better online tools for finding the right fit and style based on individual preferences.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>As a 59-year-old woman, I would like to see a few improvements in clothes shopping options. Firstly, more variety in sizes that cater to a mature figure, with styles that are both fashionable and flattering for different body types. Secondly, better quality fabrics that offer comfort and durability, as well as care for the environment. Thirdly, more personalized shopping experiences, either through better-trained staff in stores or sophisticated online recommendation systems that understand the preferences of an older demographic. Lastly, clearer and more consistent sizing across brands to make it easier to find the right fit without the need for multiple returns.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable yet stylish shoes in a wider range of sizes, including half sizes. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options available for purchase.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>As someone who values comfort and style, I'd love to see more shoe shopping options that offer a combination of both. It would be great if there were more stores that provided a personalized fitting experience, perhaps with advanced scanning technology to ensure a perfect fit. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider range of sizes and widths readily available in store, so that I wouldn't have to special order and wait. An increase in eco-friendly and sustainably made shoe options would also be a significant improvement. Lastly, having knowledgeable staff who can provide insights into the best shoes for specific foot conditions or for those of us who spend a lot of time on our feet would be incredibly helpful.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size inclusivity in clothing options, better quality control to ensure durability, and more sustainable and eco-friendly practices in the fashion industry.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>As a 59-year-old woman, I would like to see clothing stores offer more diverse sizes that cater to a variety of body shapes, especially for those of us who are no longer in our twenties or thirties. It's also important to have better quality fabrics that are comfortable and durable. Additionally, I'd appreciate more age-appropriate styles that are still fashionable and not frumpy. It would be great to have more options for trying on clothes virtually to save time and effort, and I'd like to see more personalized shopping services to help find clothes that suit my personal style and body type. Lastly, I'd love to see more eco-friendly and sustainable clothing options that don't compromise on style or quality.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable yet stylish shoes for women in larger sizes. It would be great to have more variety in width options as well to ensure a better fit for different foot shapes.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see a greater variety of sizes and widths readily available in stores to accommodate all foot shapes. More virtual try-on features would also be helpful for online shopping, allowing customers to see how shoes look on their feet from different angles. Additionally, more detailed and standardized information on shoe fit and comfort would be beneficial, along with a simpler and more streamlined returns process for when shoes don't fit as expected.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more sustainable and ethically made clothing options available, as well as more inclusive sizing options in stores. It would also be great to have better online tools for virtual try-ons and personalized style recommendations.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see a wider range of sizes that cater to all body types, ensuring that everyone can find clothes that fit well and are flattering. It would also be great to have more virtual fitting tools to help with online shopping, reducing the amount of returns needed due to sizing issues. Additionally, I'd appreciate more sustainable and ethically produced clothing options that are clearly labeled, making it easier for consumers to make informed choices that align with their values.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable and stylish shoes in a wider range of sizes, including more options for wide or narrow widths. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made shoe options available.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more options for comfortable, stylish shoes that cater to a range of foot issues without sacrificing aesthetic appeal. It would be great to have better filtering options online for specific needs like arch support, wide/narrow sizes, and diabetic-friendly designs. Also, virtual try-on technology could be improved to give a more accurate feel of how the shoes fit without having to order multiple pairs. More detailed reviews focused on comfort, durability, and fit would also be incredibly helpful.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and marketing campaigns.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types, ensuring that everyone can find clothing that fits well and looks good. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically produced clothing readily available at a variety of price points. Additionally, I think integrating virtual fitting technology in online shopping to reduce the guesswork of sizing and fit would be a significant improvement. Finally, having more personalization options, like tailoring services at the point of sale, would make shopping more convenient and satisfying.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable and stylish shoes in a wider range of sizes, including more options for wide and narrow widths. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options available for purchase.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more options for custom-fit shoes, especially for those of us with feet that don't fit the standard mold. It would be great if there were more stores offering 3D scanning and printing services to create shoes that match the contours of our feet perfectly. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider selection of styles in larger sizes and more shops with knowledgeable staff who can help with finding the right shoe for specific foot problems. Lastly, an improved online shopping experience with a virtual try-on feature and a more accurate sizing guide would be very helpful.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size inclusivity in clothing options, better quality fabrics, and a larger selection of styles for all body types.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a wider range of body types, ensuring that everyone can find clothes that fit well and look good. It would also be great to have more personalized shopping experiences, such as virtual fitting rooms or AI-based style recommendations, which can help in making better choices online. Additionally, I'd appreciate a stronger focus on sustainable and ethically made clothing, as well as more transparent supply chain information, so consumers can make informed decisions that align with their values.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more comfortable and stylish options for women with larger shoe sizes. It can be challenging to find trendy shoes in sizes above 10, so more inclusivity in sizing would be great.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>59</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for shoes that offer both comfort and style, especially for those of us who may have foot issues or need better support. It would be great to have more physical stores with knowledgeable staff who can provide personalized fitting advice. Additionally, I'd appreciate a wider range of sizes and widths available both in-store and online. For online shopping, a virtual try-on feature using augmented reality could help visualize how the shoes fit and look on one's feet. I also think having a more flexible and straightforward return policy would make shopping for shoes online less of a gamble. Lastly, I would like to see more eco-friendly and sustainable shoe options that don't compromise on quality or design.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options, sustainable and ethically made clothing choices, and better online shopping experiences with accurate sizing guides and easy returns.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a wider range of body types, ensuring everyone can find clothes that fit well and feel good. Additionally, it would be great to have more virtual fitting tools that help you visualize how clothes might look on your body without having to try them on in-store. Finally, I'd appreciate a greater focus on sustainable and ethically made clothing options that are clearly labeled, making it easier to shop according to personal values.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size inclusivity in shoe shopping options, with a wider range of sizes available for all styles. Additionally, it would be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe brands to choose from.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would love to see a wider range of sizes and widths to accommodate all foot shapes, including options for narrow or wide feet. It would also be great to have more virtual try-on features that use augmented reality to see how shoes look on your feet from different angles. Additionally, a more seamless integration of customer reviews and feedback directly on the shopping page would be helpful, along with clear information on the sustainability and ethical sourcing of materials. Lastly, I'd appreciate a more flexible return policy to make it easier to find the perfect fit without the worry of being stuck with a pair that doesn't work for me.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and on the runway.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more inclusive sizing options to accommodate all body types, as well as more sustainable and ethically sourced materials being used in clothing production. Additionally, it would be great to have more virtual fitting tools to help with online shopping, ensuring a better fit and reducing the need for returns. Lastly, having a wider variety of styles that are both fashionable and functional would be fantastic, catering to a diverse range of personal tastes and lifestyles.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options available in stores and online, as well as more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options. It would also be great to have better virtual try-on tools to make online shoe shopping more convenient and accurate.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more virtual try-on options that allow you to see how shoes look on your feet through augmented reality. It would also be great to have more filters for sustainable and ethically made shoes, as well as a wider range of sizes to accommodate all foot shapes. A personalized recommendation system based on previous purchases and foot measurements could also enhance the shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options in clothing stores, as well as more sustainable and ethically-made clothing choices. It would also be great to have virtual try-on options to make online shopping easier and more accurate.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types. It would also be great to have more virtual try-on features to see how clothes might look on my frame without having to go to the store. Additionally, I think having a wider variety of sustainable and ethically made clothing readily available at affordable prices would be a significant improvement.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse styles in shoe shopping options.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more virtual try-on options to get a better sense of how shoes look on my feet without having to go to a store. Additionally, a wider range of sizes and widths available online would be great for finding the perfect fit. More detailed reviews focused on comfort, durability, and fit from people with similar foot shapes and sizes would also be helpful. Finally, an easier and more streamlined return process for online purchases would make shoe shopping less risky and more convenient.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size inclusivity in clothing options, as well as more sustainable and ethically made clothing choices. It would also be great to have more personalized recommendations based on style preferences and body type.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a wider range of body types, as well as better filtering systems online to quickly find items that meet specific needs, such as eco-friendly materials or certain styles. Additionally, virtual fitting rooms using augmented reality to try on clothes before purchasing online would be a huge improvement, reducing the need for returns and making shopping more convenient.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse styles in shoe shopping options.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more virtual try-on options that use augmented reality to give a better sense of how shoes will look on my feet. It would also be great to have a wider range of sizes and widths available online, with more detailed sizing guides to ensure a better fit. Additionally, having a more flexible and easy return policy would make the process less stressful, especially when trying new brands or styles.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and on the runway.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a wider range of body types, ensuring that everyone can find clothes that fit well and look great. Additionally, it would be fantastic to have more virtual fitting tools that use augmented reality or AI to help shoppers visualize how clothes would look on their own bodies before making a purchase. Lastly, I think it would be beneficial to have more sustainable and ethically sourced clothing readily available at affordable prices, so consumers can make environmentally friendly and socially responsible choices more easily.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse styles in shoes shopping options.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>21</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more virtual try-on options for shoe shopping, where you can see how the shoes look on your feet through augmented reality technology. Additionally, a wider range of sizes and widths to accommodate all foot shapes would be great, as well as more detailed filters to easily find shoes suitable for specific needs like arch support or vegan materials. Finally, a universal sizing chart that compares different brands' sizing would be incredibly helpful.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made clothing options readily available in stores.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>As a 62-year-old woman, I would like to see more diverse and inclusive sizing options that cater to a variety of body shapes and ages. It's also important to have better quality garments that are designed to last longer, reducing waste and promoting sustainability. Additionally, I'd appreciate more adaptive clothing options for those with mobility issues or disabilities. Lastly, having more personalized shopping assistance in stores and detailed, accurate online sizing guides would greatly improve the clothes shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable and stylish shoes in a wide range of sizes, including more options for women with smaller feet like myself. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe options available.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would appreciate a wider variety of comfortable, stylish shoes for older women that offer good arch support and are made from high-quality materials. It would be great if stores had more knowledgeable staff to help with fitting and selecting the right type of shoe for various foot problems. Additionally, I'd like to see more user-friendly online shopping options that include detailed sizing information, customer reviews, and easy-to-understand return policies to make the process more convenient and less risky.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options in stores and online, as well as better quality clothing that lasts longer. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made clothing options available.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd love to see more inclusive sizing options that cater to a diverse range of body types, ensuring everyone can find clothes that fit well and look great. Additionally, having more filters for sustainable and ethically made clothing in online shops would be fantastic, as it's important to support environmentally friendly and socially responsible practices. Another improvement would be the integration of virtual fitting rooms using augmented reality technology to help shoppers get a better sense of how clothes will fit without having to try them on physically. Lastly, I think it would be beneficial to have more brick-and-mortar stores offer personal shopping or styling services to provide a more tailored and enjoyable shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more comfortable and stylish options for women with larger shoe sizes. It can be challenging to find trendy shoes in sizes above a certain range, so more inclusivity in sizing would be a great improvement.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>68</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>As a 62-year-old woman, I would like to see improvements in shoe shopping options that cater to comfort, support, and style for aging feet. It would be beneficial to have more stores with knowledgeable staff who can provide personalized fittings and recommendations for orthopedic needs. Additionally, a wider variety of stylish shoes with arch support, cushioning, and non-slip soles would be appreciated. Online shopping could be improved with better sizing guides, easy-to-understand return policies, and virtual try-on features to ensure a good fit before purchase. Lastly, having more options for eco-friendly and sustainably made shoes would also be a welcome improvement.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more inclusive sizing options in stores and online, as well as more sustainable and ethically produced clothing choices available. It would also be great to have better virtual try-on features to make online shopping more convenient.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more variety in sizes, especially for mature women, with a focus on comfort and style. It would also be great to have more personalized service, either through better-trained staff or advanced technology that can help recommend styles that fit personal tastes and body types. Additionally, I'd appreciate more sustainable and eco-friendly clothing options, as well as clearer information on the origin and manufacturing practices of the clothes. Online shopping could be improved with more accurate sizing charts and virtual fitting tools to reduce the hassle of returns.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable and stylish shoes in a wider range of sizes, including more options for wide or narrow widths. It would also be great to have more sustainable and eco-friendly shoe brands available for purchase.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>63</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I'd like to see more options for comfortable, stylish shoes for older women that don't sacrifice fashion for function. It would be great if there were more stores with knowledgeable staff who could provide personalized fittings and recommendations for foot health. Additionally, having a wider range of sizes and widths readily available in-store would be beneficial. I also appreciate when stores have a good return policy, so I can try shoes at home with different outfits and return them if they don't work out. Lastly, more virtual try-on technologies would be helpful for when I prefer to shop from the comfort of my home.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options in stores and online, as well as better quality clothing that is affordable for all body types.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>As a 62-year-old woman, I'd like to see more inclusive sizing that caters to a variety of body types, especially for those of us in our senior years. I'd appreciate better quality fabrics that offer comfort and durability, as well as styles that are modern yet age-appropriate. It would also be beneficial to have more adaptive clothing options for those with mobility issues or other physical challenges. Additionally, having more knowledgeable and attentive staff in stores to assist with fittings and provide personalized recommendations would greatly enhance the shopping experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more options for comfortable and stylish shoes in a wider range of sizes, especially for women with larger feet like me. It would also be great to have more online retailers offer virtual try-on options to make shopping for shoes online easier and more convenient.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>70</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>As someone who's been shopping for shoes for quite a while, I'd like to see improvements in sizing consistency across different brands, a wider range of styles available in comfortable, orthopedic-friendly designs, and more virtual try-on options that could help visualize how the shoes fit without having to physically try them on. Also, I'd appreciate more detailed product descriptions that include information on arch support, cushioning, and heel height. Lastly, an increase in eco-friendly materials and sustainable production practices would be wonderful to see in the shoe industry.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more size-inclusive options and better representation of diverse body types in clothing advertisements and catalogs. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made clothing choices available in stores.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>clothes</td>
        <td>I would love to see more stores offering a wider range of sizes, especially for mature women. It would be great if there were more options for petite and plus sizes. I also think it's important for stores to have better lighting and more spacious dressing rooms to make trying on clothes a more comfortable experience. Additionally, having knowledgeable staff who understand how to help customers find the right fit and style for their body type would be a huge improvement. Finally, I'd like to see more sustainable and ethically made clothing options readily available at all price points.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>I would like to see more variety in shoe sizes available, especially for those with larger or smaller feet. It would also be great to have more sustainable and ethically made shoe options to choose from.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>62</td>
        <td>64</td>
        <td>shoes</td>
        <td>As a woman who has shopped for shoes many times over the years, I would appreciate a more personalized approach to shoe shopping. I'd like to see better filtering options online that allow me to search for shoes not only by size and color but also by foot width, arch support, and cushioning. It would be great to have more physical stores offer foot scanning technology to recommend the perfect shoe fit and style for my specific foot shape. Additionally, I'd love for there to be an easier and more streamlined process for trying on shoes, perhaps with a subscription service that allows me to try on multiple pairs at home before making a purchase. Lastly, a wider selection of stylish yet comfortable shoes for aging feet that still offer a sense of fashion would be wonderful.</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
    </table>
            </body>
            </html>



Exporting data
--------------

We can export Results with the ``to_csv()`` method:

.. code:: 

    results.to_pandas().to_csv("results.csv")

We can also export ``Results`` using SQL:

.. code:: 

    csv_string = results.sql("select * from self", shape="long", csv=True)

.. code:: 

    with open("example.csv", "w") as f:
        f.write(csv_string)

.. code:: 

    ! head "example.csv"


.. parsed-literal::

    id,data_type,key,value
    0,agent,persona,You are an adult woman living in the US.
    0,agent,age,You are 32 years old.
    0,agent,age_numerical,32
    0,agent,height,You are 60 inches tall.
    0,agent,height_numerical,60
    0,agent,agent_name,Agent_0
    0,scenario,item,clothes
    0,model,temperature,0.5
    0,model,max_tokens,1000


--------------

.. raw:: html

   <p style="font-size: 14px;">

Copyright © 2024 Go Emeritus, Inc. All rights reserved.
www.goemeritus.com

.. raw:: html

   </p>

Created in Deepnote
